	This table contains the information about the users of the forum.

FIELD				DESCRIPTION
id					The auto-assigned ID of the user.
username			The user's unique username used to login, etc.
displayname			The display name shown with their posts.
password			Their encrypted password.
group				The group the user is a member of. 0 = members
email				The user's e-mail.
emailshow			Whether (1) or not (0) the e-mail is shown to members. (E-mails are hidden from guests at all 
					times, but are always visible to staff with permissions to view.)
emailoptin			Whether (1) or not (0) the user is opted in to receive mass e-mails from the forum.
activated			Whether (1) or not (0) the e-mail was activated with the account.
activationcode		The activation code sent in the e-mail.
pending				Whether (1) or not (0) the account is pending admin approval.
registeredtime		The timestamp for when the account was registered.
gender				The int value representing the gender. (0 = none, 1 = male, 2 = female)
lastip				The last IP the user used when logging in. If they haven't logged in, it's the IP used at
					registration.
lastlogin			The timestamp of the user's last login. It is 0 if they haven't logged in.
lastlogininvis		The timestamp of when the user last logged in as invisible. This is used so upper-staff (with
					permissions) are able to see their true last login time.
invisible			Whether (1) or not (0) the user is logged in as invisible.
template			The ID of the template the user is using. If invalid, it defaults to the forum default template.
language			The ID of the language the user is using. If invalid, it defaults to the forum default language.
posts				The number of posts the user has.
reputation			The number of reputation points the user has.
aim					The user's AIM address.
msn					The user's MSN address.
icq					The user's ICQ pin. (Always a number.)
yim					The user's YIM address.
skype				The user's Skype address.
xfire				The user's XFire address.
website				The URL of the user's website.
websitename			The name of the user's website.
avatar				The URL of the user's avatar or the ID of a local uploaded avatar.
avatarheight		The height of the user's avatar. Maximum is set by a setting.
avatarwidth			The width of the user's avatar. Maxmimum is set by a setting.
personaltext		The user's personaltext shown below their avatar.
location			The user's location.
birthday			Timestamp of the user's birthday.
birthdayhide		Whether (1) or not (0) the user's birthday is hidden from members. (Always hidden from guests. 
					Staff with correct permissions may always view.)
signature			The user's signature.
newpmnotify			The user's setting for what to do on a new PM. See below for more information.
pmenabled			The user's setting for having PMs enabled. See below for more information
timezone			The user's timezone offset from GMT.
dst					Whether (1) or not (0) Daylights Savings Time/Summer Time is currently going on.
dateformat			The ID of the dateformat the user is using.


NEWPMNOTIFY INFORMATION
0 = No notification
1 = Popup notification
2 = E-mail notification
3 = Popup and e-mail notification


PMENABLED INFORMATION
0 = PMs from staff or announcements only
1 = PMs from friends, staff, and announcements only
2 = Anyone may PM