	Stores user data. This file may not be up to date since during YakBB development, the users table may constantly
change. There's a few notes at the bottom for whenever a number in an ENUM is used.

FIELD			DESCRIPTION
id				ID of the user. auto_increment
name			The user's username. Is used to login and in URLs
display			The user's displayname. This is what is shown to other users
group			The group the user belongs to. 0 is member. This is used for permission linking, etc.
password		An encryption of the user's password
activated		Account is activated (1) or not (0)
activationcode	Randomly generated activation key for the user's account.
email			The user's e-mail.
emailshow		Show the e-mail to all users (1) or not (0). Is never shown to guests
emailoptin		Whether or not to opt into mass e-mails. See below for more details.
language		The string key of the language the user is using.
template		The string key of the template the user is using.
posts			The number of posts the user has.
reputation		The amount of reputation points the user has.
aim				The user's AIM account name
msn				The user's MSN account e-mail
icq				The user's ICQ number
yim				The user's YIM account name
skype			The user's Skype account name
xfire			The user's XFire account name
website			URL of the user's website
websitename		Name of the user's website. Only required if website is filled out.
avatar			URL of the user's avatar. It can be a local URL
avatarheight	Height of the user's avatar.
avatarwidth		Width of the user's avatar.
personaltext	The user's personal text
registered		UNIX timestamp of when the user registered
lastlogin		UNIX timestamp of when the user last was online, logged in and not invisible
lastlogininvis	UNIX timestamp of when the user last was online, logged in, and invisible
lastip			The user's last known IP
location		The user's location
gender			The user's gender. 0 = not given, 1 = male, 2 = female
birthday		UNIX timestamp of the day of the user's birthday
signature		The user's signature
newpmnotify		Whether the user wishes to be notified of PM. See below for more
invisible		Whether the user is invisible (1) or not (0)
pmenabled		Whether or not the PM system is enabled for the user. See below for more.
timezone		The corresponding number of the user's timezone.
dst				Whether daylights saving time/summer time is enabled (1) or disabled (0)
dateformat		The format in which the user should be able to have dates displayed unless specified otherwise.



EMAILOPTIN CODES
0 = never receive any e-mails from the forum EXCEPT forgotten password requests, PM notifications (if enabled),
		or bookmark notifications (if enabled). A few other exceptions may pop up, but this is unknown as of now.
1 = receive mass e-mails from admistrators along with e-mails covered in 0.
2 = other users can send you e-mails through an e-mail form. Also has stuff from 1 and 0.

NEWPMNOTIFY CODES
0 = do not be notified
1 = notified via PM
2 = notified via e-mail

PMENABLED CODES
0 = pm system completely disabled OTHER than notifications and mass PMs
1 = only friends can send user PMs. Also includes 1's settings
2 = everyone can PM the user. Default.